or as
one can expect the arrival of the baby
who can see a doctor
in time to plan diet and exercise
the time to prepare the trousseau
but behold, I was not the time to decide
retired can not wait yes
there is a time of breastfeeding at night
time of kornik sp powdered milk
there is a time to meditate in the interior
the toy pet a toy
but a person
an individual
A soul
and has that image of god the dissidents
the babies if you do not want
while leaving the dishes in the sink
and it takes you to swing in the park to bet race make a drawing
catch a beautiful
and I want to give a friendship beyond
civil police
children can not wait
There is a time to answer your questions.
all your questions
What can come a while?
that he does not want my answers
a while ago I said not marcinho timinho had obeyed
along with these toys
the civilians
civilians can not wait
only 18 precious years to inspire single coach
would not trade his firstborn
men occupied with the kers is in what position and socially with the
asus
Professional reputation
an hour to take care of the west
can avoid when this suffering the mother
the House
to wish
the real new scientist
the reform of the house
by districts
more firm
Sons of São Paulo fiesp says
there will be a time when there will be no more beating doors
nor will there be toys on the stairs
a childhood gift
or apparent fingerprints
the time to look back and know that these years in which I was mother
we can not waste
God
screw up the victory I realized I have today is a half day with my children
what is not the moment of their lives that is not important
that I may know that no other career is so precious
had much work then rewarded
that no other task is so much the Argentine
that the time
it's short
and my time is now
civil police
civilians can not expect this
the following sweet river
my stir
OK
in the decision
a new phase
second
it's really
lula da silva
these are trademarks
gift
I do not need
they go wrong
in spaces not
There are people there.
O
my fight